[Music]
[Applause]
I'm going to be reading in 2nd Samuel
6:14 through 23 so I want you to get
that and hold it but my first verse I'm
gonna use this in acts 15 13 through 18
now if you're still carrying a Bible you
can do that but if you use it you're
falling see phones have limitations
it will either do one or the other it
will not do both so some of y'all are
trying to figure out how to save the one
scripture and be ready for the other one
I understand the problem in acts 15 13
through 18 out of the NIV I'm going to
read that one first and I just want to
set it up a little bit the disciples are
meeting in Jerusalem the church has been
established and they're running into
problems all good things running the
problems just because it runs into a
problem doesn't mean it's not good you
can't throw away everything just because
you hit a tough spot whether it's a
marriage a job a career or ministry
you're going to go through something
you're not here to get God to warranty
you against going through something you
just want to go through it and come out
on the other side they're trying to
figure out and I'm going to get into
this more deeply they're trying to
figure out the the the Christian message
is not flourishing quite honestly
amongst the Jews as well as it is
amongst the Gentiles and so these
unlikely people are getting saved these
aren't likely people these heathens
these idolatrous people with no church
ordered no church protocol are getting
saved and they don't have any rules or
religion or background they haven't been
circumcised they're trying to figure out
what to do about it
and so they're having a discussion about
it and and then acts 15 13 through 18
the reason I want you to read this text
is because if you don't read this text
you're going to think all that I'm
teaching about the tabernacle of David
is just historical information nice to
know but what does that have to do with
me but what I want you to see before
this is over said I'm really teaching
eschatology what is eschatology
eschatology is a fancy word for the end
of all things how everything is going to
end and Davis tabernacle fits into the
prophetic age that we are in right now
and I'm gonna prove it to you this verse
oh this is good
when they finished acts 1513 when they
finished James spoke up brothers he said
listen to me Simon has described to us
how love first intervened to choose a
people for his name from the Gentiles
these are Jewish disciples having a
conversation about Gentiles the words of
the prophets are in agreement with this
as it is written after this I will
return and rebuild David's fallen tent
after this I will return and I will
rebuild
David's fallen Tabernacle it's ruins I
will rebuild and I will restore it
good glory that the rest of mankind may
seek the Lord even all the Gentiles who
bear my name says the Lord who does
these things there are you hearing what
I'm saying
said the Lord who does these things give
me verse 18
these things might be known from a long
ago
God is trying to show you something say
man somebody now let's go to 2nd Samuel
you could handle two scriptures
some y'all have read this message
Vietnam
has to did a lot of reading this morning
I got the comp and see you real all week
I leave read this morning this morning
we pick back up where we left off we're
right at this moment that David has left
the house of obed-edom and said I want
the glory back I'm not gonna reassign my
responsibilities of my destiny to
somebody else and what you get the
blessing that was meant for me
I want the glory of the Lord bad enough
to get over to get out of my feelings
I'm gonna get out of my feelings and I'm
gonna get what God has for me and he
gets the Ark of the Covenant back and
this is a duplicate of the Ark of the
company he gets the Ark of the Covenant
back which represents the very presence
of God and man this time he does
whatever it takes
whatever it takes to bring back the
glory verse 14 worrying a living ephod
David was dancing before the Lord with
all his might he wasn't just dancing
before the Lord you know let the glory
of the Lord it wasn't even like that he
was dancing like he lost his mind with
all his might now you're talking about
David is it not only is he a musician
he's an athlete how do you know he's an
athlete he's a warrior he's a fighter
he's used to fighting on the battlefield
so when David danced with all his might
his might was a lot of Mike he went like
no he danced before the Lord with all
his what oh yeah he danced with all his
might
while he and all Israel were bringing up
the Ark of the Lord with shouts and the
sound of trumpets everybody was in it
everybody was shouting or they were born
or they were sounding trumpets or they
were sounding trumpets as the Ark of the
Lord was entering the City of David
Mykel daughter of Saul watched from a
window and when she saw King David
leaping and dancing before the Lord she
despised him in her heart they brought
the Ark of the Lord and set it in its
place inside the tent that David had
pitched for it and David sacrificed
burnt offerings and fellowship offerings
before the Lord after he had finished
sacrificing the burnt offerings and
fellowship offerings he blessed the
people in the name of the Lord Almighty
then he gave a loaf of bread a cake of
dates and a cake of raisins to each
person in the whole crowd of the
Israelites both men and women and all
the people went to their home when David
returned home to bless his house my
cowslips was stuck out basically Mike
Harold author of Saul came out to meet
him and said how the king of Israel has
displeased distinguish himself today
going around half-naked in full view of
the slave girls of his service as any
vulgar fellow would do made a fool of
yourself dancing out of your clothes I
was embarrassed to call you my husband
you look like a fool
half naked in front of the service David
said to my care it was before the Lord
it wasn't about the slave girls and it
wasn't about you and I don't care what
you think about my praise and I don't
care what I look like and I don't care
how you talk about me and I don't care
what's over your mind it was before the
Lord who chose me rather than your
father or anyone from his house when he
appointed me ruler over the Lord's
people Israel I will celebrate before
the Lord as a good shot moment right
there I will become even more
undignified than this if he was
embarrassed before you ain't seen
nothing yet and I will be humiliated in
my own eyes but by these slave girls
just buzz off I will be held in honor
and Mykel daughter of Saul had no
children to the day of her death because
of her mouth
[Music]
[Applause]
with you Stuart praising God and
somebody starts fighting appraiser God
has a way of punishing him you don't
have to punish him you don't have to
punish him David was excited because he
got back what Saul's never valued he got
the Ark of the Covenant back and he took
over the leadership of Israel and he was
dancing before the Lord because he was
getting things back in their rightful
place again
anybody feel good about giving things
back is the rightful place and besides
it was a coronation it was an
installation it was a celebration moment
because unto Israel it really meant that
they got their king back they got the
king back they got their order back they
got their head back Eli's head has
called back in the place they got their
vision back they got the revelation back
they got their anointing my that ought
to make somebody celebrate it
and so before I go any further in the
message I want you to do this and after
you do this you can sit out I'll go into
the word but I want to deputize you to
create a celebrated moment in this place
I want you to let the devil know that
you are not kingless you are not happy
[Applause]
yeah
you're
with your help
[Applause]
good at the dining room table everything
but have worth
praising in the president of his power
praising on the throne who dare to harm
crazy
whip your voice peers mm
and if anybody wants to know why you
can't touch ten people to tell them the
king is coming the king is coming the
king the king the king the king is
coming the king is coming
[Applause]
[Music]
the marketplace is empty no more traffic
in the streets know what busy housewives
she's still late there's no debate
who work on earth has been suspended
yeah the King comes through the gate his
car the trumpet sounding
[Music]
his coming praise gone
happy places those whose lives has been
reading broken homes that has been
mended those from prison he
[Music]
they stand those who are crippled right
through
[Music]
[Applause]
just for the trumpets
[Music]
see the March is wrong all the few have
God's truths
spell seeing have seen and wrong
[Music]
now Heaven's Cranston is fall in place
heavens
[Music]
start to sing the main singer grace
[Applause]
[Music]
go tell your neighbor
well I've been through so much
[Music]
[Applause]
there won't be any in school today
the school is closed the bakeries are
closed all the restaurants and eating
places are all closed everyone has come
out of their normalities because the
king is coming
[Music]
refreshing in the streets of a gathering
of crowds and masses of people because
they people who have lost their king
have not found they have endured the
ambiguity of not having a king in their
lives at one time they had the king they
had a king named Saul Saul had fallen on
his sword and he was dead
Saul and his heir apparent Jonathan also
did four of his siblings were also dead
the only one left to lead out of the
house of Saul was ish machette he didn't
know anything about being the King for
two years after the death of Saul is
machetes to power but he really wasn't
in power Abner solves uncle was really
running things
the had the same its Michelle with it if
anything was just a finger hit he was a
puppet King he was a weak King and
whenever you're upon the weak leadership
whenever Europe under weak leadership it
affects everyday Israel was divided
Judah was on one side they had a king
their King was David Israel had nobody
but he is no chef and then eventually
they didn't have him because Abner got
sick of the super chef and before it was
over he is Bashar for dead but an
agreement had been worked out over in a
corner that David the king of Judah
would become the king of Israel so
school's out today the bakeries are
closed restaurants are not opened this
is the bay
and he can be heard coming he's not
quietly coming he's coming in opulence
he's coming loudly and rapidly he's
coming with the sound of trumpets and
bugle boy he's coming with rhythm and
dancing and jumping he's coming with the
Ark of the Covenant that they had not
seen for years almost thirty years
they've been without the glory of the
Lord
they'd had religion but they'd had no
glory of the Lord and whenever you have
religion but you have no glory
all kind of stuff starts happening in
your life and you go through hell and
high water Saul had fallen on the sword
killed himself and dad Jonathan is dead
before his four brothers are dead
mephibosheth Jonathan's son has been
dropped by a nurse and crippled in his
feet and gone down the load of our all
hell is breaking loose there's trouble
coming from every direction
and they're trying to figure out can
David do this and they're here he come
here he comes down the road dancing out
of his clothes he was dancing out of his
clothes when I left off Sunday he was
dancing out of his clothes the priests
were bringing back the Ark of the
Covenant and King David was in front and
he was coming out of his clothes and he
was dancing before God and celebrating
him he was dancing with all of his light
he was dancing with all of his force and
all of his power because that which was
a far off had been brought nigh he had
been anointed to be king over Israel
years ago it takes years for certain
prophecies to come to pass
that's why the Bible says so division
Terry wait for it in the end it shall
speak not lie David is a revolutionary
he's his power for his mind he said he's
a revolutionary he's 30 years old and
he's dancing with force and power in the
presence of God he's dancing with all of
his might and all of his strength
because that oil from Samuel pouring on
his head has finally come to pass when
God anoints you for something it could
have been years ago but if you keep on
walking everything God showed you is
going to come to pass my god he had
finally become king he was king over
Israel's one thing to be king of Judah
to see half of the prophecy fulfilled
but now he sees the fulfillment of the
entire prophecy you know how it is when
God is promised for something and every
devil in hell and told you is not going
to happen and then a sudden turn of
events happens and everything shifts and
it starts coming into place and suddenly
you recognize this is my eyelid this is
my moment this is my suction and David
is coming with with David coming to the
kingdom with David coming into power
there's a switch of tribes for Saul had
been of the tribe of Benjamin the David
was of the tribe of Judah
the shift from Benjamin to Judah is
significant Judah means praise praise
has taken over the leadership of the
entire nation of Israel and David had to
live up to his name since he was from
the tribe of Judah if they didn't do
anything else right they knew how to
praise the Lord
so when nothing else brought him to
power David's praise robbing the power
and he's dancing before God and he's
dancing with all of his might
he's already met with Abner he's already
made his agreement and now he's got to
figure out how to bring back the glory
and yes he made mistakes and yes he had
delays and yes he had setback but he was
finally getting it together and when you
are finally getting it together after
being delayed after making mistakes
after having setbacks you have a
different level of appreciation
see people who have always had it
together they really don't know how to
praise the Lord you have to be somebody
who messed up and made some mistakes and
don't feel worthy and know you have no
rights and yet some kind of way God
blesses your anyway so really know how
to praise the Lord I bet there are few
people in this room that have been
through enough that you really
understand
and so Damon is bringing his dance and
David is bringing his leadership to
Israel he's bringing his power to Israel
he's bringing his tribe to Israel he's
bringing the seed of Christ that's down
the side of it he's bringing it all to
Israel and he is dancing before God with
all of his might and he starts coming
out of his clothes he starts coming out
of his clothes because the people are
waiting for him there waiting for him
they're waiting to see a king and David
is their new king but what they didn't
understand is that David had a king
so when David starts bringing back the
Ark of the Covenant it's not just one
King coming
see if you read the text and all you see
is one King you missed the point David
is the king but God is the king of kings
and the Lord of lords and he is the
mighty God glory to God I feel something
in this place and so when you see David
coming out of his clothes he knows that
the greater King is standing there that
will not share his glory with another
and so he starts coming out of all of
his accomplishing all of his regalia all
of this and all of that I got to come
out of all of it because I'm bringing
back the King of Kings you might be
important from 9:00 to 5:00 Monday
through Friday but when you come in this
household Sunday morning you need to
come out of your titles
glory to God warn your neighbor to chill
sure to tell him I'm getting red strip
myself I might be the mayor on Monday
but today I blow strip myself because
I'm standing in the presence of a
greater team and a greater power I might
be the chief of money but right now I'm
just a child of God
crawling over the name of the Lord I
might have power during the week but the
greater one is behind me and I humbled
myself before I strip myself I come out
of myself I come I don't need it I don't
have to have it I'm coming out of it I
feel a praise about to hit me feel a
little morning about to erupted in this
place
that's we're in will say come out of it
[Applause]
come out of it come out of it come out
of it come out of it come out of this
grand attitude come out of this
righteous attitude come out of the
Supreme attitude come out of this area
don't you understand that you're in the
presence of the king of kings and the
Lord of lords as the mighty God and the
everlasting father let the redeemed of
the Lord
yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah
sometimes it seems like it's easier for
women to submit to worship than men
because men have been taught to be macho
and it's all right to be macho I like
being a man I like walking like a man
talking like a man moving like a man
thinking like a man I like to play on my
chest I've let my muscles bulk and be a
real dude for Jesus until the Holy Ghost
come when the Holy Ghost
the Bible said let everything that has
breath praise ye the Lord so away with
your motto away with your degree away
with how much money you make let
everything that have breath
the more important you are perceived to
be the more successful you become the
more wealthy you become the more
important it is that you cast your
crowns at the feet of Jesus because if
you don't pass your crown that means you
worship your crown and God will not
share his glory with another so the
higher you go the more important every
promotion every advance every
opportunity you need to come in this
place dancing and leaping with all of
your might to let God know that I will
not let any promotion go to my head I
will bless the Lord at all times
I just need about three minutes of
praise right now
yes
show the demo show the devil
[Music]
you gotta pass this test if God's gonna
really bless you you can't be acted
important you gotta pass this test you
got to be able to live in the penthouse
and you lay prostrate in the floor you
gotta be able to drive a pause and then
dance in your pending suit
[Music]
if God can trust you he'll open up the
windows of heaven and pour you out a
blessing
tell your neighbor I'm not too hot
appraiser I'm not too rich to raise it
and not too conservative to praise it
and not to introverted to crazy ah the
key is coming that he is coming the king
is coming the king is coming
the king is coming
[Music]
appraiser my appraiser my pleasure
appraisal inappropriate are present on
the floor
presently the Cadillac or president of
both lenses prison well historic my
business premium would unprofitable
appraising will avenge my master's
degree appraised it with my doctoral
degree
I guess my catch my privacy I catch
myself he is the king of peace let every
key in here give him glory
[Applause]
sit down I'm about to go deeper
and now we see now we see why God has
called David you remember he told Samuel
I found a man who is after keep playing
it I found a man who is after my I found
a man who was sick man I found a man who
will go get my and bring it back to its
rightful place as the closer they got to
Zion the closer they got to a heart
transplant to a leadership transplant to
a theocracy
they're bringing God back to his people
Oh y'all don't hear what I'm saying you
wanted a transplant you're watching a
hook-up you're wanting a connection you
watching the priest moving in the power
of the Holy Spirit as the Bible said
that the priests are making big step
this is the word of the Lord this years
go stretch
[Applause]
you better start stretching for it now
because in order to keep pace give me my
heartbeat in order to keep pace with the
rhythm that God is making you gonna have
to make some big steps and the priest
start making big steps in order finish
in time you got to make big steps I want
to talk to somebody that's been behind
and you think you should have been
further than you are right now God is
about to redeem the time and you're
about to make some
[Music]
they are going from a monarchy to a
theocracy when the argument covenant
comes back that is God coming back to
his rightful place the reason he had
judges in the first place is that he
thought himself to be king over Israel
he only gave him a man because they
asked for one and that man had gotten
them in trouble and now as David brings
back the Ark of the Covenant it is not
just that David is becoming king over
Israel it is that God is becoming king
over Israel watch this kid I cannot
teach this as Laurie David brings the
Ark of the Covenant I'm gonna talk to
you about four things today I'm gonna
talk to you about four things glory to
God I love to teach
I'm gonna talk to you about four things
I'm gonna talk to you about tradition
I'm gonna talk to you about exemption
I'm gonna talk to you about transition
and I'm gonna talk to you about
opposition let's go back to him again
these are the four things I want you to
get out of today number one we're gonna
talk about tradition number two we're
gonna talk about exemption number three
we're gonna talk about transition and
number four we're going to talk about
opposition and when I finish I'm gonna
tie together every scripture everything
I brought up everything I started with
everything that you saw every horn that
blew every song that saying the five
finish today do you hear what I'm saying
you see david bringing the Ark of the
Covenant back it's not just a return of
a theocracy it is it is deeper than that
it is the scandalous defiance of
tradition it is the scandalous defiance
of tradition because tradition mandated
that the Ark of the Covenant should go
into Moses tabernacle which existed on
Mount Gibeah but David does not bring
the Ark of the Covenant to its
traditional place not with the outer
court in the inner court and the Holies
of Holies and all that I've taught you
about where the Ark of the Covenant
should be behind the veil that means
that if the Ark of the Covenant was not
behind the veil for the last 20 plus
years Israel has been worshipping before
an empty veil dead religion ceremonies
and washings and cleanses and all of the
goats and all of the peace offerings of
all of the wave are free and all of the
bring offerings meant nothing because a
Chabad
the glory of the Lord has departed I
don't care how big your church is I
don't care how many doctorates your
pastors got I don't care how great your
choir sings if the glory has departed
then everything else leaves nothing at
all
you know what sets you apart as
musicians from all the other musicians
who play in all the clubs and play for
all the singers all over the world it is
not a lack of skill you got that it is
not a lack of ability you got that you
can play anywhere you can do anything
but what gives you distinction it's when
you play until the glory of the Lord
gets in your fingers and all of a sudden
you got tears coming down your face and
you're playing becomes worship unto God
that's what sets you apart that's what
the performers will never be able to do
they will never be able to summon the
power of God to fall in a place under
the anointing of the Holy Spirit shout
somebody there will be many many
institutions at worship because today is
Sunday
but there is no glory they will have
pageantry they will have elegance they
will inspire you with enticing words for
you to contemplate on your ride back
home
they will speak to you out of the volume
of the extreme vocabulary and they will
linguistically construct ideologies that
are so profound that it muffles your
mind but there is
I would rather have somebody saying just
dad in the other and bring the glory of
the Lord down in a place but the devil I
fight today I need the glory
[Applause]
David does not bring the Ark of the
Covenant to its traditional place he
brings it to a one-room tent no outer
Court no no door with blue and purple
and red
no brazen altar no brazen Laver no
ceremonial washings and cleansing 'he's
no altar of incest no table of shewbread
none of that no priest standing before
veiled no veil standing before the glory
he let them have their traditions
because the traditions of me and make
the Word of God of no effect
say that again the traditions of men
make the Word of God of no effect
some people love their traditions more
than they love their God they love their
denomination more than they love their
God they love their organization more
than they love God but in the last days
according to the book of Acts God is
going to restore the tabernacle of David
which means that God is about to break
some rules he's about to go against the
status quo he's about to come against
orthodoxy and any ology and that bad
it's familiar he is about to break
tradition
David was 30 years old he was just right
to great tradition it always takes youth
now don't get tied up on me all my hair
is great so I don't have no problem with
getting older but you must admit
throughout history whenever there was a
tradition to be broken it was always a
young person to challenge it you must
admit that Christ had finished his work
by the time he was 33 years old that
Christ began his ministry at 30 that day
that began his ministry at 30 that dr.
King had finished his work before 40 it
always takes a young radical mind to do
what other folks said couldn't be done I
want to raise up some rule-breaking
people who are radical enough to do
something absolutely amazing radical
people of all ages make some noise in
his head
[Applause]
write the scripture down I won't go to
this chronicles 21 27 through 30 this is
this is where business is going on its
usual and lambs are screaming and blood
is flowing in the pants and the smoke of
the burning flesh can be smelled this is
the former move of God Moses Tabernacle
is now the former move of God Davis
Tabernacle is the latter move of God
Moses Tabernacle is where God was
Davis Tabernacle is where God is most
people build a denomination around where
God used to be they named the
denomination after what they last saw
200 years ago Bishop Willie wax stood on
the corner of 5th and 9th and the power
God fell and that's where we started and
you're still right there I don't want to
be where God was I don't want to be
caught doing what God used to do I don't
want to be a has-been give us this day
[Applause]
if you're not there anymore I'm out of
there y'all don't hear what I'm saying I
choose my church by the glory I don't
want to be where God used to be back
with mother Wilson laid the first brick
of the corner of the church and so the
first sweet potato pie
I want to be where God is right now I
want to be flowing into what God is
going right now
and David is scandalous with this thing
his scandalous with this thing because
he breaks tradition he breaks tradition
dr. King were you celebrating his
birthday dr. King broke tradition
not this year tradition of white America
he broke the tradition of black America
the churches who honor him now hated him
in they wouldn't even let him come in
their church I'm gonna talk about white
folks I love about black folks Martin
Luther King in his lifetime was a
radical he was a revolutionary everybody
wanted him to shut up
tradition of white people wanted him to
shut up because he was making waves in
what was making money traditional black
people wanted him to shut up because he
was making waves in what they were used
to and tradition will always beg you to
shut up and stay quiet and sit down in a
corner and be steal and follow the old
rules and don't make any noise and speak
when you're spoken to and sit on the
back of the bus and be quiet you're a
woman you're too young you're too old
you took black you're too white but the
devil is a lie there is an uprising of
radical people
somebody that they are to break
tradition you are to break some rule
and though they told you you couldn't do
it you couldn't be in you couldn't have
it you couldn't be coming but the devil
is alive you may be the first person in
your whole family tree to break the
tradition but I feel in the morning in
this place to break tradition give him
30 second to praise if I'm talking to
you
my grandmother had a baby out of wedlock
my mother had a baby out of wedlock my
daughter had a baby out of wedlock my
sister had a baby out of well don't mean
you gotta have one break the tradition
and breaking traditions right now I'm
breaking purchase right now I'm breaking
strong host I'm breaking your need to
fit in with other people I'm breaking
traditions right now tradition it's got
to get up out of here God is going to do
a new thing in you a fresh thing in you
I think that's never been seen or heard
before if I'm talking to you give him a
shout of praise right now
[Music]
slap somebody say break a rule
[Applause]
oh but you're not supposed to talk Jesus
you're not supposed to touch Jesus Jesus
is a priest
and you're on your cycle and the Book of
Leviticus says that if you're on your
cycle
you're not supposed to touch the priest
unless he be declared unclean and you're
a woman and it's a room full of men and
you ought to stay in your place and sit
over in that corner and keep on bleeding
because the rule book says article 7
verse 4 that you're not supposed to
touch it she got down on the leaves and
said if I can but touch the hem of His
garment I will be made whole I feel
somebody breaking our ass up about the
break into this place
slap somebody and tell them I'm coming
out there are some folk in this rule
your friends will understand why you
come to this church all these black
people in the church it don't make no
sense for you to be going over in that
neighborhood but the Holy Ghost says
break tradition yes'm I want to give you
in that church this cup I want to
release it at church I don't care what
color I don't care how they say I don't
care how they jump I will meet you if
you will break tradition
some of you have been Baptist for years
but you got a break through this you've
been coaching for years but you got a
break tradition God is getting ready to
do it at a to shake things up I came to
shake things up hallelujah the God great
producer
[Applause]
don't you understand the tradition binds
you you can't sing before you read the
scripture you got to read the scripture
first and then you sing the song and
then you say the prayer you can't wear
blue it's women's thing you gotta wear
ways it's chameleon something you can't
sit over the shower sometimes the only
way to get your miracle is to break the
tradition and do something you've never
done before if you always do what you've
always done he will always be where
you've always been
[Applause]
David brought the Ark of the Covenant to
a place that Moses never thought about
always go beyond me the student always
goes beyond the teacher because you lift
off where I left off
[Applause]
if you only do what I've done then you
didn't advance anything David brought
the tabernacle to a place that Moses
never even saw coming he took it to the
next level
he brought the tabernacle to see brought
the Ark of the Covenant to Zion yeah
Jagr I'm right with you I'm right with
you I'm praising him right with you
thank you for Sheldon he brought it to
Zion he brought it to the next level he
took it to the next dimension all that
Moses saw on Mount Sinai did not include
Mount Zion
watch this now David takes it to the
next level the worst thing you can do is
make your son be you
tradition you come from a family of
lawyers you must be allow you break
tradition Chloe
whoo who ever got that you got it so
deep I felt it all the way up here or
something just work loose in your belly
broke loose in your spirit I will never
be the same again you just broke loose
up
I heard the chains phone with you harlot
break it somebody how to break head
break head
if you're gonna be alone you break the
tradition don't be like the rest of them
stop trying to fit in stop trying to act
like of them be like them people never
remember ordinary they always remember
extraordinary break the tradition break
the tradition take the risk
- do you baby - do what you see - do
what - SID
- do what you believe can I come down
here David took it David took it where
Moses never dreamed it he takes it to
Zion he takes it to Zion you need to
take it to the next level you need to
always go beyond your father's I got
here without me I didn't have a me
if I got here without me can you imagine
where you are to go thank God for Moses
Lake Golf for Moses thank God for Moses
thank God for what he did thank God for
what God spoke through everything God
showed Moses was real but it wasn't
finished it was real but it wasn't
finished David saw something else who
God David saw something else the man who
started taxing companies were so smart
he was so smart he built a billion
dollar corporation because he started
taxi companies but the man who started
oversaw something that you remember when
they started building all these big
warehouse operations and they went all
over the country and everybody had these
warehouse like JC Penney's at Cedars in
xx and it was awesome and then somebody
saw an app
when I came up we had drive-through
witness you can drive through and get
there and Luger pretty girl will come
out to the corner and take your order
and bring your hot dogs out to the car
and put a tray on the window that was
cool
it was also big root beer marks and hot
dogs good old breezy juicy hot dogs we
never thought that there'd be a day that
they bring the food to the house
I want to anoint you to see something
else see something else see something
beyond what was given to you see
something on what was handed to you see
something beyond where you started I
can't hardly get off this point you need
to rethink your life there's a better
way to do it there's a bigger way to do
it there's another level to take it to
David took a desire somebody Halle
tasted desire
[Applause]
so now I'm at ISA more
I see some I can't hardly get off my
first point I can't hardly I'm trying to
get out my first one I'm fighting with
myself because I can't get out my first
one cuz because that's she's a mess
I don't do Church like my father's
I thought something else I learned what
they taught me I ate what they gave me
but then I saw something else I saw how
to take it to another level I saw
something that was down inside of me
that was different was what was down
inside of them you always go forward
you've never go backwards Davis says I
will not take the ark back to where it
used to be David took the Ark of the
Covenant to side and he shattered
tradition he shattered tradition number
two he brings an exemption that we must
understand there's no way that you're
supposed to be this close to the ark
it's not the day of atonement the book
says that if you come back close to the
Ark of the Covenant other than the day
of atonement you're supposed to die
you're supposed to have smoke from the
brazen altar that lights our altar of
incense that brings you into the
presence of God he's got no smoke he
comes right into contact with God God
had just been killing people for doing
this
[Applause]
but David had an exemption
daven had an exemption when I first
moved to Dallas a friend of mine told me
at that time I lived over White Rock
Lake I said I'm looking at a house and
he said what neighborhood is he I said
he said why trolley and he said he said
to me can I be honest I'm just be honest
he said none of us live over there and
he said you can't live over there and I
told him it's too late
[Laughter]
[Applause]
[Music]
I guess they're gonna have to burn me
out to that just sign the paperwork I'm
dying right over there never let people
tell you what you can't do what you
can't be scare you back into a hole over
your limitation your limitation it's not
my limitations
just because you can't do it don't mean
I see such a mess I have an Egyptian but
this shutter double Chara it a may comes
in a little shaken chatter ah come on
Ivan said that in the days of the
scripture all men who had leprosy died
all of them died if you had leprosy
there was no doubt about it you died
jesus said in the days of name and all
that had leprosy died but naman
recovered you could be the exception to
the rule I don't care what the doctor
says I don't care what the accountant
says I don't care what the hour I said I
don't care what the tradition says I
don't care what the status quo says I
don't care what your friends or your
enemy say I was talking to somebody
about having an exemption
so let me bring in this next scripture
I'm in the exemption I could wait for
you to get here I couldn't wait for you
to get here cuz I'm ready to unload on
you this morning now we're over to the
book of Acts with little old test in the
world in the New Testament where years
ahead and they're established in the
church and the church is not going
forward in an orthodox way that Jesus
was a Jew has preached the gospel in the
synagogue's converting some Jews but for
the most part the Christian message did
not catch root amongst Judaism and many
of them who started with Jesus was no
longer with him they fell away the
disciples went after them preaching
Peter preaches on the day of Pentecost
in Jerusalem 3,000 people are added to
the church in one service but by and
large the Jews were turning away from
Christianity that's why the book of
Hebrews is written to put up an argument
to try to convince Jews to convert to
the better ISM of Christianity and it is
impossible for those who were once
enlightened and taste another heavenly
gift if they should fall away to renew
them again to repentance seeing us and
crucify the Son of man afresh was
written about Jews of pasta sizing and
leaving Christianity all of a sudden
Christianity has taken off amongst the
unlikely those who had no roots in your
way at all those who had not come from
Judaism who had not been steeped in
tradition and who had not been taught
the word who knew nothing about the
Scriptures Street folks and
hookers and prostitutes and
we're catching a hope to the gospel
faster than the religious people who
were prophetess you want to say well the
religious people could not give up their
tradition to accept the revelation of
who Jesus was
they love their traditions too much to
have revelation tradition is always the
enemy of revelation it is always the
enemy of Revelation tradition always
sets up boundaries and tells you what
you can't be revelation will always
break a rule and they held they held to
their tradition and fulfill the prophecy
he came unto his own and his own
received him not
sometimes the people you think are most
likely to love you are the people who
hates it and you have to find a people
who love you you cannot spend the rest
of your life knocking on the door and
somebody who ain't thinking about you
you have to find somebody who has an
appreciation for what God has given you
and take it to the next level somebody
holler take his desire and all of a
sudden these Gentiles the Gentiles the
the digit houses the the polygamists
urgent house the the people who were
having orgies the Gentiles the people
who believed in multiple gods the
Gentiles who were having open sex in the
street the Gentiles who were offering
allure and bodies to their gods the
Gentiles who the Jews wouldn't eat with
they would not eat with they would not
sit and to take the pig eating Gentiles
are swine eating Gentiles we're hearing
the gospel and being filled with the
Holy Ghost while Peter yet spake the
word the Holy Ghost fell on the Gentile
and the jintao started speaking in turn
and praising God and they had to call a
meeting because the Holy Ghost was
falling on people that wasn't supposed
to get the Holy Ghost and it broke the
rules when God gets ready to bless
people he will bless whosoever he will
God didn't have to ask your board can I
bless you when God gets ready to bless
you he will bless you he will bless
hookers and prostitutes and drug dealers
and liars and mother he will save
Mormons and people you don't agree with
God will do it cuz he's God so the
disciples in the book of Acts had to
have an emergency meeting because the
gospel is not going as they had imagined
it and Peters laying out an argument
said I can't help it I can't help who's
giving getting filled with all of us he
said I was just preaching the word that
while I was yet preaching they all got
filled with the Holy Ghost and I said
can any man forbid these men water we
have the Holy Ghost same as weep
he said so we started baptizing them
because the Holy Spirit had given them
some sort of exception and they had
gotten feel they got feel and they had
been circumcised they got feel and they
hadn't kept the Sabbath day they got
filled and they was eaten pork chops of
bacon and the hog balls and chitlins
they got feel no no hear what I'm saying
oh I want to talk to some rule breaking
fever
rule-breaking people they got filled
with the Holy Ghost and the disciples
are saying oh you gotta you gotta read
this when you get home you gotta read
this let scripture nights put it back on
the board the disciples are tripping
because because God God is breaking his
own rules
[Applause]
God is oh oh this is teacher broke I
know it is I know it if you can if you
can hear what I'm preaching I'm
preaching next level stuff are you ready
for this this is next-level stuff God
God is breaking these are rules because
God doesn't serve the law of the law
serves that God that served the rule why
would God make a rule he couldn't break
then the rule becomes God he is Lord of
the Sabbath
[Applause]
so I could heal on the Sabbath if I want
to cuz I'm the CEO or the Sabbath day
and I could do what I want to whenever I
want to and yes I know the man got
healed over Saturday don't you lift your
oats out of the stall on the Sabbath day
you gotta do what you gotta do I'm God
let's get this thing done nope and the
disciples are trying to figure out what
to do because God doesn't give their
permission he just starts filling these
unlikely people with the Holy Ghost
and the people they thought they were
gonna win it's not who they want because
much of life does not turn out as you
planned it much of life does not turn
out of a society and the places that
seem most likely to receive you
generally reject you
and the places you never dreamed that
you would find acceptance except you
Chloe way to go are you hearing what I'm
saying
and it has created a problem God has
created a problem for his people
cuz God is doing stuff that's not in
their books the Gentiles are getting the
Holy Ghost and what really blows my mind
put my text back up there put it back up
here yeah what really blows my mind of
all the people to say something James
James sister James should say method
there is nobody in the whole New
Testament as legalistic as James James
is the one who talked about face when
that works is dead and argue about how
you ought to keep the traditions that
the fathers of this and another James J
James said brothers listen to me come on
Simon had described to us how God first
intervened to choose her people for his
name from the Gentiles the words of the
prophets are in agreement with this as
it is written come on after this I will
return and reveal
Damon's tabernacle and its ruins I will
rebuild and I will wish toriel
this is why I'm teaching Davis
Tabernacle I'm teaching Davis tabernacle
because Davis Tabernacle is a rule
breaker and I've painted a rule breaking
message to a radical generation good God
of mercy and all of a sudden all of a
sudden James says we got a receive him
cuz remember the Bible says that the
sign of the last days is that I will
rebuild the tabernacle of David not
Moses
I will reveal the tabernacle of David in
the last days let me tell what the last
design that we have coming to the last
days is that radical worship will break
out in unlikely places
[Applause]
Catholic folks feel with the Holy Ghost
nuns talking in tongues churches
praising God and getting lost in praise
and can't shut up young people dancing
in the Spirit of God leaping up and down
in the air in the last days I will
restore the tabernacle of David means I
will release radical worship worship
that breaks all boundaries breaks all
thoughts I will release the kind of
worship that causes you to get heal
without the laying on of hands nobody
touched it nobody poured all order but
you still got heal while you were
dancing the lock disappear while you
were praising God the glory of the Lord
shipped out in the last day I will
restore
[Applause]
will restore the tabernacle of David
make some noise in this I will say who I
want to save I will save people you
don't think supposed to get saved
I will say people you don't like I will
say people that don't dress right I will
say people that don't keep up with your
church rule in the last days I'll feel
fellows with the Holy Ghost and they got
the hat on in church in the last days
I'm gonna baptize them in the Holy Ghost
and they don't know to put their finger
up when they walk in out of service in
the last days I will fill them with the
Holy Ghost and they don't know a bishop
from a bicycle in the last days I'm and
get ready to break
subpoena say so this is it
so James sis can I teach this thing
James says I think they have an
exemption I think they have an exemption
God wouldn't be filling them if they
didn't have an exemption goblins
development they didn't have an
exemption they have an exemption now
this kind of what what does Paul call it
less serious grace this kind of less in
His grace is kind of powerful so you
might have to take this with water
[Laughter]
[Applause]
Godse so he wants to say
he kills who he wants to heal he blesses
who he wants to bless it was so radical
he failed him at Corinth Corinth yeah
stop me stop before I go out there pull
my coat
he filled on my current Corinth we're
doing everything and they had the gifts
of the Spirit the silence we're talking
they're tough and Paul had to straighten
him out he had to clean him up a little
bit because they was mixing it all up
together they've come into the community
tables getting drunk neighbors even
things like they were like the cousins
that you don't want to come to your
house cuz they come in and tear up
everything but God filled them with the
holy gold
they had to be discipled this is where
21st century ministries got to change we
got to stop putting people out of the
church we got a disciple them we got to
work with them where they are we have to
teach them and train them but we can't
just throw them out you can't scale a
fish you ain't caught
are y'all hear what I'm saying because
you don't know what God will do with
some of the most unlikely people I want
to talk to some people who got him out
of time oh Jesus
I look up at the clock and I got sick I
want to talk to some people who have
ruled yourself out because you think
that you are too bad to be used and
because of what you did wrong you think
that God can't use you and I came to
tell you your role your role I came to
tell you that the blood reaches to the
highest mountain and it flows to the
lowest I came to tell you that it's time
for you to stop being ashamed of
yourself and recognize that God still
loves you and He has a plan for your
life and I know you're a Gentile but
gotta fill you with the Holy Ghost and
he'll deliver you and he'll set you free
I got a word for you I got a word for
you I am not condoning your mischief I'm
not calling you're wrong right but I'm
telling you that God's purpose
pre-exists your pain and your mistake
and your struggle and God already knows
your secrets
telling you the truth and I'm telling
you that you're harder on yourself than
God that you have cursed yourself and
God has forgiven you and that he loves
you with it everlasting love and that he
has a plan for your life that you need
to get out of his way that the
tabernacle of David is everything to you
because you are the tabernacle of David
against all odds against all rule God
has raised you up for such a cabbages
come on somebody come on somebody come
on somebody come on somebody come on
somebody
oh I came to tell you that you are your
own worst enemy
I came to tell you what James are saying
that the sign that we're in the last
days is that God would do the most with
the most unlikely people James says it
doesn't matter that they're not
circumcised it doesn't matter that they
don't know our traditions it doesn't
matter that they made mistakes it
doesn't matter that they were
polygamists and bigamous and all the
other mist gods killed him with the Holy
Ghost how dare you call what God has
clearanced uncommon and unclean he feels
who he wants to feel he blesses who he
wants to bless he touches with me he
wants to touch my God my god that's why
it's amazing grace Paul called it less
serious flamboyant grace thank you lord
promiscuous grace that's the word from
Miss cuit that's what he calls it and
the Greek is promiscuous
it's graceless fast its Chrissy great
it's Grayson to give itself to anybody
it's grace it hangs around in the club
at 3 o'clock in the morning and say you
want some of this is Grayson to take
that and likely and do the almighty it
spray said it takes the tail and making
the head I'm talking about a kind of
grace in a blow your man can tell about
the gray said appear you in the black
will bring you around on a barstool and
send you home speaking and talk when God
has a plan for your life I don't care
you could have been a witch on yesterday
but grace will turn you around and fill
you with the Holy Ghost and break the
chain offer your life I want somebody to
give God a radical
[Applause]
[Music]
how dare you say who's disqualified
Church makes me sick anyway the folks
always sitting in judgment the only
reason you would judgment is that we
don't know your business
[Applause]
or y'all can't handle the truth y'all
don't like me when I preach the truth up
in this place the matters that all have
sinned and come short of the glory of
God every last one of you
[Applause]
[Music]
I am NOT saying that we should continue
and seeing the grace may abound I'm not
talking about you can be saved and live
just any kind of way you hear when I'm
saying you but I am saying nothing that
you did in your past it jumps you from
being a Christian I'm telling you that
the blood of Jesus will wash you up and
change your life and give you a new
beginning and even after you get saved
God that use you because you're perfect
[Applause]
God that used you because you're perfect
he uses you according to his purpose he
used Rahab the according to his
perfect house she would fight me I'll
fight you right back glory to God I see
God use some of the most miserable
people messed up people to accomplish
his purpose he opened up the mouth of an
ass and preached the prophetic word and
if granted use an ass
[Applause]
[Music]
David's Tabernacle oh just please give
me a few more weeks because when I get
finished with it he rushes in a new
order
[Applause]
he takes God where he had never been
he takes God out of the confines of the
constraints of Moses Tabernacle and he
takes him to the Zion he takes him to
SIA
it takes him to Zion and even all
religious James had to admit that God
can do what he wants to do whenever he
wants to do it if I can preach but I see
in my spirit this church will never be
the same again
[Applause]
the warship will never be the same again
if I can take what you're getting right
now and marry it to the worship service
the worship service will never be the
same again if I could teach Davis
Tabernacle some folks will dance while
other folks lay prostrate in the floor
other people will lift their hands up
and start crying where other people
kneel in this seat in fact can teach
David tabernacle and cause it to flow
like it needs to flow lumps and tumors
will shrink while we are praising God if
I can teach it and preach it like I'm
seeing it in my sphere yokes and
stronghold will be broken off the backs
of people what your therapist could not
do what your counselor could not do what
some 12 steps couldn't do if we get to
worship and God like we're supposed to
and the King comes in this place every
yoke will be broken every bondage will
be destroyed God will walk up and down
these arm and touch his people if I can
teach it the way I feel it
[Applause]
somebody's about to get it Egyptian
somebody's about to get a break too
somebody's about to have a go but up
South yes in this way stand on your feet
I'm gonna save next week I'm gonna save
my two points for next week
Shadow Ball Coach at I live before
Sunday Lil C time glory to God glory to
God glory to God God never wanted all of
this structure he wanted unique radical
worship he wanted spontaneous praise he
wanted people singing in tongues and
singing in English all at the same time
and the Spirit of God was breaking loose
all over the church he didn't want you
to act like me he wanted you to do you
while I do me he wanted the glory of the
Lord to create a cacophony of praise and
orchestration afraid a symphony of
prayed shabak inand halal and then to
heal it all at the same time if I can
teach it the way I want to teach it you
will never be the same again
let every man every woman every boy
every girl express yourself to God now